add vibegame blog post (#3097)
huggingface/blog: vibegame.md

To address this issue, there are many personal ad-hoc solutions, such as writing LLM-specific context directly in the project files, or more comprehensive solutions like [Claude Code Development Kit](https://github.com/peterkrueck/Claude-Code-Development-Kit) for large-scale context management.

I couldn't find a lightweight, accessible solution, which doesn't rely on significant domain knowledge. So I made one: 🧅 [Shallot](https://github.com/dylanebert/shallot), a simple, lightweight, unopinionated context management system for Claude Code. It relies on two basic commands:

1. `/peel [prompt]` to load context at the beginning of a conversation
2. `/nourish` to update context at the end of a conversation

Anecdotally, this works well. However, it works best when the project stays lean and well-organized, so all relevant context can easily fit in the model's context window.

> With that said, what existing game engines are best suited for this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that said, what existing platforms can we explore for vibe coding?
```

Or perhaps "game engine" is a bit misleading?
